Release description (#2329)
dedis/cothority: external/js/kyber/README.md

...
```

## Dev Setup

> The simplest way to use the cothority version in an app and being able to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The simplest way to use a kyber development version in an app and being able to 
```
